feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/64fb1436adef3e145b4c3501.md

---
id: 64fb1436adef3e145b4c3501
title: Step 43
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-43
---

# --description--

> Set the `innerText` of the `addOrUpdateTaskBtn` button to `Update Task` and its `arial-label` to `Update Task` too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `innerText` of the `addOrUpdateTaskBtn` button to `Update Task` and its `aria-label` to `Update Task` as well.
```

Reviewer 2: @Ksound22 

It looks like this conversation hasn't been resolved yet
